replace slug of semgrep-cloud-platform with semgrep-appsec-platform (#1525)
semgrep/semgrep-docs: docs/index.md

| Product              | Local CLI | Remote CI |
| -------------------- | --------- | --------- |

> | Semgrep OSS Engine  |  ✅  [Run locally with Semgrep Engine](/getting-started/quickstart)  |   ✅  Can send findings to [Semgrep AppSec Platform](semgrep-ci/running-semgrep-ci-with-semgrep-appsec-platform) or run [stand-alone CI jobs](semgrep-ci/running-semgrep-ci-without-semgrep-appsec-platform) |

Author: ```suggestion
| Semgrep OSS Engine  |  ✅  [Run locally with Semgrep Engine](/getting-started/quickstart)  |   ✅  Can send findings to [Semgrep AppSec Platform](/deployment/core-deployment) or run [stand-alone CI jobs](/deployment/oss-deployment) |
```
